doc/releases: update release note by latest MCUBoot changes (#29787)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-2.5.rst

* Storage

>   * flash_map: Added API for get the value of an erased byte in the flash_area,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * flash_map: Added API to get the value of an erased byte in the flash_area,
```

  * Fixed issue causing that interrupted swap-move operation might brick device
    if the primary image was padded.
  * Fixed issue causing that HW stack protection catches the chain-loaded

>     application during its early ini.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    application during its early initialization.
```

  * Added reset of Cortex SPLIM registers before boot.
  * Fixesd build issue that occurs if CONF_FILE contains multiple file paths
    instead of single file path.
  * Added watchdog feed on nRF devices. See ``CONFIG_BOOT_WATCHDOG_FEED`` option.
  * Removed the flash_area_read_is_empty() port implementation function.

>   * Clean ARM core configuration only when selected by user,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Initialize the ARM core configuration only when selected by the user,
```

    see ``CONFIG_MCUBOOT_CLEANUP_ARM_CORE``.

>   * Allowed nonaligned last image data chunk in the serial-recovery protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Allow the final data chunk in the image to be unaligned in the serial-recovery protocol.
```
